back off strategy implementation (#10250)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexDataLake/ReleaseNotes/1_3_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Cortex Data Lake

> - Added backoff strategy for fetching access token from CDL server.
> - Added the **cdl-reset-failure-times** command to reset the failure time counters of the backoff strategy.
> - Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python_pancloud_v2:1.0.0.13988.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added caching mechanism for repetitive errors when requesting access token from CDL server.
- Added the **cdl-reset-authentication-timeout** command to reset the failure time counters of the caching mechanism.
- Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/python_pancloud_v2:1.0.0.13988.
```
